hey what's up people ash here and I want
to wish you all a happy wednesday the 20
something why 20 something because i'm
recording this commentary on a sunday
and i don't feel like using basic math
to know which date that will fall under
when wednesday hits but I have some news
for you though yugioh is finally coming
to the PS Vita well for the PSP but PS
Vita compatible I love the show well not
the current season and I used to play
the card game a lot I actually attended
a few tournaments and here's a fun fact
I started my youtube career making
yugioh videos of a game series called
yugioh GX tag force for the PSP anyway
enough about my pasture on youtube a
yugioh game will finally be available
for the PS vita the only catch is which
is no surprise it will only be available
in Japan the game will be called you yo
ark v-tach for special and will feature
protagonist from Yugi moto 2 that
annoying kid on zexal next which is a
rumor a prince of persia trilogy game
will be headed to the PS vita this could
be possible since we have many
collection games pour it over to the
vita and i also believe a prince of
persia trilogy gain would fit nicely in
HD the rumor trilogy will include prince
of persia the sands of time Warrior
Within and the two thrones the game was
spotted on a check electronic store
taking pre-orders for the game I did I'd
be careful with that especially since
this has not been officially released
out of the series I like the two thrones
which I have on my feet already and do
plan on making a playthrough of it very
soon moving on God Eater a PSP and PS
vita game title gets and anime series a
little bit about this game it's set in
the future of Japan where the human race
is wiped out by a species called origami
the anime is going to be produced by the
team behind fate zero and directed by
the guy behind death note so it's going
to be awesome well that's it with
today's video let me know your thoughts
in the comment section below and I'll
talk to you guys later thanks for
watching